One of the most frequent questions new Kafka developers ask about,
are what naming convention should be followed for Kafka topics.
Truth is, there really is no idiomatic or correct pattern to follow naming a Kafka topic.
The only rules enforced by Kafka are that
your topic name must be less than 256 characters,
and is made up of alphanumeric characters,
underscores, periods or a dash.
So I've used rejects format here but basically,
A through Z or capital A through Z,
zero through nine, period or a dash or an underscore.
Any other characters are invalid.
So no percent signs,
no exclamation points, things like that.
With that being said, it's useful to come up with a strategy for your company,
team or even for yourself when naming Kafka topics.
Kafka consumers can use regular expressions to consume data from many topics at once.
We're going to see this again in
the Kafka consumer section but for now just know that you can do it.
For example, if you have an inconsistent naming scheme,
it will be much more difficult for consumers to utilize
your data with one of these regular expressions subscriptions.
Strong naming schemes also make
your stream processing application more resilient to change.
Say you have a group of topics with similar data and similar names.
If you add another topic with similar data and a similar name,
your stream processing application may be able to just pick it
up without any actual modifications to the code itself.
Here are a few general suggestions to keep in mind.
First, I recommend picking a separator
like period or underscore to separate segments of a name,
like com.Udacity or com_Udacity.
Second, try segmenting your names based on schema or a model type.
If lesson is my model type,
I might choose a topic name like com.Udacity.lesson.
Finally, it's typically useful to call it the event type and the topic name as well.
Let's say the event we're looking at is quiz completed.
If we were to combine all those rules,
we might end up with a final topic name such as com.Udacity.lesson.quizcompleted.
Again, there's no right or wrong way to name topics in Kafka.
You may find that you don't like the suggestion I've given you,
and that's totally okay.
But having some strategy may end up saving you a lot of time and confusion.
The important key here is consistency.
Try to be consistent,
pick something and stick with it,
and make sure you communicate it to the people you're working with as
well so that they can also follow that consistent pattern.
For example, we'd down here com.Udacity.Lesson2.quiz.result.